between the time for
empathy and inflection
inspection on January 3
and assign the
fifth
judge with issues on
federal exec and the
government to add them to
anything that's happened.
The judge will not
be fluttered or
insurgented to
have been used
to keep within the
framework of that rule.
I will now
ask Mr. Stevens
what reference to the
correct date, whether or
not Mr.
Adams had any
participation in the
honorable discharge of
major corrects, specifically
on February 1, 1954.
I don't know.
Mr. Adams can touch
five on that.
Well, now, Mr.
Stanton, I
can't admit that.
Mr. Stevens has been
telling the judge that
you asked the secretary
whether he knows
or any connection,
if he says no.
That's as far as he's
involved with his
freedom in coming.
Mr. Beckett, I might
be worried this way.
Mr. Secretary, you
told us on last Friday that
the Infected General has
submitted to you final
a completely thought
as the remains of those
responsible for every
step in the handling
and the mith handling of
the case of this
instrument, I mean, it's
made.
Was that so, sir?
No, you put a lot of
words in my mouth in that
statement that I did not
make on the correct
or just would you please
correct me, sir?
Yes, sir.
What I said was,
actually, he was
part of the Infected
General was now
ready.
I had to add at this
time, and I don't
recall that I said it
last Friday, but I had
now that I have not had
some opportunities to go
through this report.
It's a very
aluminum document.
I'm going to go through it
at the first possible
time.
I stated, after
meeting on the 24th of
February, that I
worked in due course
when after the Infected
General's report had
been submitted, to
provide the names that
you talked about.
I have made public
a letter on
February 16th dealing
with the toll matter.
I'm prepared to submit
those names to the
Council for this
committee.
Just as soon as I have
gotten a chance that
long enough away from the
committee to have a
chance to go over the
report myself, but I'm
not yet have a chance to
do.
Mr. Chairman, I might say
I think the Secretary
knows, on the emphasis, we
play sign, if there are
any left.
We, the great
important, Mr.
Sergeant, I might say
that the address is
to you, Mr. Secretary.
Sorry, I just need
to submit the name
just as soon as
you have the chance to
submit the name
just as soon as you
have the chance to go over
the report myself.
I'm prepared to submit the
name just as soon as you have
the chance to go over the
report myself.
Mr. Chairman, what they
are?
Mr. Secretary, is it not
so that on the basis of
the basis of the basis of
meeting, you have had
with Senator McCarthy and
members of the committee.
On the basis of the
basis of the letter and
telegram, which Senator
McCarthy has sent to you, on
the basis of the
specifications we filed in
this case.
And on the basis of your
questioning, up to now, you
have had every reason to
know just how much
important we attach to
the misunderstanding of the
case.
Mr. Chairman, I
think that this is not
a bad statement.
That's why I know you
had been telling about it.
All right.
Then to help us along with
your approach examination
and try to wind us up
there, would it not have
been possible for you over
the weekend to look at that
report so you could answer
those questions for us this
morning?
Can say we'll go about what
have been possible.
Mr. Cohn, Mr. Chairman,
I can't conclude the
examination until I have
an examination in the
Secretary and Mrs.
Secretary.
That's a very, very
very aluminum report.
It's done effect a
long time for me to go
through it.
I have made commitment to
submit the name to the
Council for the Committee
and will do so at the
earliest possible moment.
And I will, when I've
in my touch the money is
finished, I will say
Mr. Chairman, I'll try to
get out that report just
as quickly as I can,
and present with my other
duties under the
Department.
Mr. Chairman, I will be
much out of this
investigation.
You obviously cannot
interrogate the
Secretary successfully
out of the report,
but she is not red
in the bottom.
I suggest Mr. Chairman,
and I hope the Secretary
and his family are
out.
What has been prepared on these
names because he knows how
much important we are
in this case.
I think we're in
total about all events.
He says he has not read the
report, and if he has not
read the report, I don't
see how we can answer any
questions.
He has agreed to submit
to the hearings and the
names.
After the name has been
submitted, right?
The committee can
advise the committee to
the next best step.
We will be in
the next one.
Mr. Chairman, I know from
the charge to the
Mr. Adams, who is the
one that's named in
the tonight's news of the
press matter.
How we dispose of this by
putting Mr. Adams on
this.
Mr. Sieben was named
to the Senate.
Why not?
We respectfully
grow your attention to
allegation number 26.
Mr. Sieben, Adams and
Associate have been quick
to publish and re-week
a report calculated to
smear the investigated
and exposure of
communist infiltration.
But the
vice collapse of much
he even had an
approach.
Had yes to produce, for
the American public, the
long-term policy for
naming those officials
built serving under
that for our
responsibility for the
rise in the arms of a
communist insurer against
his country.
And it's on the basis of
Mr. Sieben's direct
participation in
acknowledge this case that
we speak to
interrogation.
And when we're
at the point
out of the charge to
41, the president
is going to be
charged in 41 on
charge 41 or
charge 41.
He stayed
honored before February
16, 1954.
Mr. Adams
advised that he had on
prior cases that if the
investigation continues, he
expected to be
acutely embarrassed
over the first date.
No follow-up action has
been taken by him.
I'm not reading the
balance is not
necessary.
But in your charges, it's
primarily on the press matter
as the
gens mister Adams.
I just call
the age of his
head and his
actions, according to
one charge, and
Mr. Cohen
come another.
I think both of my
distinguished
judges are correct.
Well, in charge
45, do you refer to him?
I was just
bloody six.
The last paragraph
in the presentation
of the judgment.
The very last paragraph
in the
interview.
Yes, but you do not
name the press case.
You refer to individual
communist, but in paragraph
46, you make no
reference.
interdependent
incidental would
be a very
good example.
But in the
nature, it's
correct.
And if you continue
reading, sir, I think you
will find, although I
agree with you, Mr. Adam
certainly had a part.
You don't make the
point.
You don't.
I just am reading the
point language of his.
You try to
mispronounce the
atoms, but I don't get
them.
We have to
specifically find names
during the
web page, beginning with
the first full paragraph.
Now, the
Vedic has
been to me that there
was a
lot of things that
were happening at the
moment.
In paragraph
57, he has not read
the point.
He is
getting information
further than the fact that
the time being that he
will submit to us
quickly as possible.
We will definitely
assume that he will
be before the hearings are
over.
The main
just has been
replied.
So the
statement was
the chairman.
The good point
is that you understand
of course you cannot
preclude up from getting
the information.
I am merely avoiding
looking at that report
sometime you have
got to read it.
I have no such
intention of avoiding
anything.
How many days that's the
report going on your
office?
I think I touched
about last Friday.
I think it was finished
about Thursday or Friday.
Now, who has been
ordered to examine that
report can give you a
resume on a report on
it if anyone?
I see the
Inspector General and
the
Secretary of the Army.
Let's be a
Secretary's name.
His name is
Nope.
Am I LPLM?
And have you been
working on that
since Friday?
I don't know.
Will
you order him to work
in my children's
children's?
No, I did not.
He has a lot of
other duties to
perform and important ones.
Well, I must
put you to say that
you have been promising
over a period of months
that sometimes I am
in some place.
You will give us the
names of those who are
responsible for the
growth of the handling
of this coming
of the state.
Now, can you tell us
when, what
today, what
week you can come in here
and tell us whether
or not he was
John Adams, who it
was, who was responsible
number one for the change
in duty order.
When he was
destined to go to
Yokohama, he
requested to be kept
in the United States.
And
it's not as
done as a result of the
American
military.
It is
actually the
I.G. report.
Does the
Inspector General
play that for so
way?
I haven't
expected that.
Well, you know that he
was asked for a question
about whether or not
coming to help you
and get your change in
duty order.
He said, I
recutate his
hands on the ground.
It might
incriminate me.
That's all the truth.
Did you know
that?
No, I didn't
know that.
It is not
the case.
The
United States
has been
asked to investigate this case.
It might
have been recommended to
the Department of
Justice.
Mr.
Stevens, you know that
the matter is
formed.
The American
Red Cross investigates
every case.
The American Red Cross
is not responsible for
the change in duty order.
They make an
investigation to
the Middle
Report.
Many of the cases, the
young men, the
numerous
military, the
military.
I know that it is
just this.
Will
you talk about this
time, Mr.
Well?
I am
just about the
investigation.
I am trying to find
out Mr.
Stevens from this
land.
A lot of
anything he
knows about the
report.
If he has
discovered
after this time,
who is
responsible?
If not, why
does
he think of a
vast array of
granted
confidence, young men
behind him?
Perhaps
better than
one of that good.
To go over
and read the
report and come back
and say, Mr.
Secretary, it is
John Jones, who
has speech
Smith to the
Milligrae.
That
shouldn't take
weeks and weeks.
The
U.B.
has to be
on the start
and this is how
it leads.
If the
secretary gives
the committee some
of the
members of the
committee, he
says, well, I think that
depends very
largely on how long I
continue to testify.
Would he be
responsible to have
secretary?
If I am
going to
study, if I am
going to work, I
will have to go over
this report myself.
And I have told you, and I
respect, I will submit the
name to the council for the
committee, as soon as I am
able to go over the
report.
And when I am able to
go over, I will
depend on how long I
continue to testify.
There are
so many issues
along this report.
I don't know that I am
a
patient, but I am
very, very
a little
minestocked.
Well, roughly,
120,000.
I say only
guessing, but I have to
fold it.
It might be
500 to take a
number.
Well, you've got a
great number of
age behind you, and I need
them, and I need them
to think the report.
I don't know.
Could you ask
if the
Adam is
anyone to think?
Why don't we let
Mr. Adam testify on
it himself?
I don't think I have
because I haven't
myself, Senator.
Have you
discussed with Mr.
request of
whether or not
he took
some part in the
Southern Honorable
Disparage of this
Communist
Officer?
I don't think
all that in
conversation.
I'm not at all.
I'd like to remind
you that I was in the
forest, and that's
back here.
I think I'm
very happy to be
here.
It's just a
little bit of a
little bedroom in
bags and that's back
toARE.
Have the rest
hours without the
arms, is it?
Yes, the
body types
of testimony on痕
are.
Adam just
concerns the
earlier days.
Do you turn the
would submit mo
around this is
the предala
ad
your letter to me
stated I think
February 1.
When you said
that you're going to
report when you're
a four-year
I got I got your
letter and
read that on the way
back.
How did you get my
letter when you
snuffed up on your way
near?
I got it because
it's my office thought
about some of
a briefcase full of
very important
matters.
It's
happening one of the
items.
Your letter was
there.
Actually, because
I didn't have much
time to
do any work on it on
the plane coming back.
But the paper that I
was thinking about,
what's your
letter?
February 2nd,
the
beginning February 2nd,
and what they have
did to me, have you
discussed
this matter with Mr.
Adam?
The
press case?
Yes.
Did you discuss
with him the
question of rule
is responsible for
the sudden
honorable
dissident
and the
press case?
Yes.
I don't think
I think Mr. Adam
will testify on that.
You don't
become
the spy whether or
not he had anything
to do with it?
No,
I wasn't here.
It's time.
I don't know.
Are you in the
worry?
Yes.
But you've been
back here since
February 2nd.
The question is, did
you discuss with Mr.
Adam?
Illegally, this very
important
charge.
The charge that he
had been back here since
its
this
and then
the
communists and the
jurisdiction of the
armed
court.
So did you discuss
that?
I just
discussed the
letter of
February 16th, but that
worked out in
the county
of Macarpene.
That's
that, but
of course, was
done out of it.
You have
been
position.
And the
honour of this
parade.
I've
testified.
I did not know.
And I
repeated.
I understand that.
I'm
not asking.
I'm not asking.
I'm asking.
Now I understand that you
now have before you
the report of the
instructor general with
the
instructor general.
Where is the
instructor general?
available
to you, Mr.
секsage?
Yes.
He
is here in Washington
and he is here at
department.
Has
an office in the
panic.
Is that correct?
Now I believe you stated
that perhaps it's
a 500-page document.
The
plan is a son of
the
area.
The
democratization is
warning to
the
instructor general.
Then you
not.
Now I am
I'm
Oh,
there!
I'm
το
routes
ilot
Does
Haus
is
kind of
for
see
the
with
puppy hole
entitled to give
publicly the
information is
whether or not
miss the
item that
didn't do with it.
Well, I'm
just making a suggestion
and asking
is that in the
industry's
feet?
If it occurred to me
that that would be a way
out of the
solution to the
process.
Can you do it or not?
I can do that
but I think
the mayor doesn't
know it.
Does not
preclude
you also
giving your
knowledge,
are the senator
from asking you
about your knowledge?
That's no
criticism.
You merely
have statement of fact.
Now, can we
lead it
and change
with this afternoon?
Bring that
information so
we can
point of
sure I can
to say
if you
should bring it
into the
morning I make
Mr. Jenkins, I
want to
just come
any one.
Just
can.
Mr. Chairman,
may
that
so I can get it.
While other
senators are being
asked about that, we
do question the
secretary.
Let's return to our
studio to trust the
country to permit our
station to identify
themselves.
This is the
ABC
television network.
Miami was
national headquarters
for the mob until
the police drove
out the
beger.
Mash the
big shots into the
seat.
See the Miami
story, starting
tiny
the paramount
theatre time
square.
I don't
think
that the
administration
would want
to act without
the hearings.
That's the part
is directly involved
in these
things.
Mr.
Adams is
present.
You
can get it
that's
worth if you want
it.
I don't think
that the
administration has
been
reporting for it
either.
It might not
have the name
to be released.
This is
For Russia, the
side percent is
shared that the fact
already
not be proved
정을
there is
a
15 August
unless
we
cook
something
complicated.
Yes.
It too
well.
Mr.
Dakota
Benjamin
right.
I think we have an excellent
suggestion.
I would like to expand on that
but to Secretary-NC if you could get this information over the moon or
or
quarter more
morning.
As you, who
undoubtedly
recall, there was an order
that giving an honorable
discharge from
Mr.
Pratt that order was
fine
early in January.
As you
now
they will recall from the
testimony
identified that he was going to take the full 90 days.
Staying
as long as he could, which is a bloody amount
sometimes
early
as you will recall, I wrote to you the letter which you said you got in California.
Asking that you take action with Pratt
and
have a court
marshal
of
his conduct on becoming an officer and reducing the cell
television
coming to leadership school forming coming to spells
at the army base holding meetings in
Calisota
as you will recall
before you got back to the United States
immediately after the public
Mr. Pratt got an honorable discharge.
Now, I would like to have you
to apply to the committee.
Number one, the question for Mr. Adams had anything to do
with that sudden removal of Pratt from the military
or if not
who did
who was the activating force
in removing this man
the jurisdiction of the army
before you could be turned from the parties.
Now, I
want that
from the infectious general's report
there be nothing classified with security information involved in that
but there they
I
I wouldn't think so but I don't know how to survive.
Well, could you do this?
Could you ask one of your idiots there you don't need them all now
again
to get on the phone call some of you
designated
and ask him a purchase of that information
shouldn't take any more than five or ten minutes.
It will take more than that senator.
I'm sorry.
The recommendation is counsel.
We have a much better program for getting that because
he is going to have to infect the general's
to look to the report to give him the information I can
to do much more quickly than
having anybody search the 5008-$1.
I don't know just about it.
So you're
proceed with other questions.
And I'm sure the secretary of the state
he would talk to the inspector general
to just say this new meeting with him later when I said
I didn't say it.
I was going to talk with him just to see him as I possibly can.
How long it will take me to get the exact information
that he wants I cannot forecast with this moment.
I just don't know.
I want to supply as much as I can.
The secretary as soon as possible is too indefinite
in your language because as soon as possible has meant
four months five months fixed on the plan.
I ask you the simple question.
When will you talk to the inspector general in accordance
with the defendant's suggestion?
Can you do that this noon?
You'll be tied up this noon and you do this evening?
When can you do that?
I think I can.
Do it this evening.
All right.
So this morning you should be able to give a sudden
something like that.
I can't commit myself to tomorrow morning because
it is a very large job that I'm giving you here.
And I want you to quickly go to the time when you will
ask the inspector general for this information.
He has said he was asking this evening
for five state of context.
You will ask him to do it.
Yes.
All right.
Mr. Stevens, Mr. Cohen has some further questions
after you.
Mr. Secretary, obviously people
have offended at what month of the 35 people.
As any one single case ending before a lawyer
was finally resolved to this date.
I don't think so.
I don't believe it.
I think that there must be pretty nearer.
That's right.
But I haven't seen any of the law once.
I mean, once again, sir, these suspensions
are carried beginning on the 19th of August.
33 is a 35 occurred by the 30th of October.
I believe some nine of these people
have been restored to some type of duty.
Although you say nonsense, happened
at the still out of four months.
Now, 33 is extended by October 30.
This is now the middle of May.
Don't you take a little too much time
if it's taken without any adjudication on any one single case?
Mr. Cohen, we're trying to do a good job
and to give all of these people a chance
to the fairly hurt and good old American way.
And I think that in these cases,
where strictly way the people are suspended
and convey of no possible time to the government,
that it's better to go a little more slowly
and get the right answer, that is to show fast
and maybe get the wrong answer.
Mr. Cohen, you're going to have to show it.
Mr. Cohen, you said that there's a new responsible
hearing to government because of this long delay
if you want to hear them in a good old American way.
If they are innocent, my friend,
some of them will be able to prove
that they are not that security-risk.
You're doing rather grave injustice to the individual,
are you not?
I want to remind you of how he means that.
I don't think I understand.
But I would remind you of this
some of those who are suspended
are called for our committee.
As a result of their testimony before the committee,
they apparently convinced you, they convinced me,
and the other is sitting in the committee,
that these individuals had satisfactorily explained
their communist connection.
And if they had been communist and finally
at the police reform, they were reinstated.
They were only out some of them weeks to weeks.
Now, I just ask you this question.
Some of those individuals who have been suspended
have an out nine-hand run.
And is that the usual timeline
in handling a suspension case?
Isn't there some way of speeding it up?
We would like to speed it up as much as we can
and confess them for showing justice to the individuals.
Was there any order that...
I'm sorry.
I'm not sure that I get precisely what Senator has in mind,
but if I do, it seems to me, may I see it?
Am I correct, Jim?
That my country's committee is taking credit
for getting suspension to some 30 or 35 employees
with Fort Monmouth.
Is that correct, Senator?
Mr.... Mr. Ascension, let me answer that in this way.
I'm not taking credit for it.
We know that they were all suspended
after our investigation started.
They were out.
Some of them were suspended after they appeared
before the committee, the day they appeared
before the committee, some of the day after.
Now, while they were in us,
they would have been suspended otherwise.
I don't know.
There was no indication that they would be
just one other thing, Mr. Zengen.
The only testimony we will have on last will be Mr. Zewashm
who is the commanding officer.
He has testified, and I understand will testify
that the suspension would not have been possible
had our investigation not been conducted.
So my part is this.
Apparently, the McCarthy Investigating Committee
is taking credit for either bringing about the suspension
or for security risks.
Yes, in 30 odds, criticizing Senator...
...sexy statements.
We're not reinstating those suspension.
Now...
That's just a matter of...
I just want to know whether I'm right about that or not.
Mr. Ascension, I point of order, Mr. Chairman.
Point of order.
Mr. Zengen, I want to suggest that you listen
to the questions that will work closely.
I pointed out that of the 35 suspension undoubtedly
some of them might be able to prove
that they were not bad security risks.
And when that proof was entered, obviously they would be reinstated.
And your statement, until I was taking credit for the suspension
and criticizing for not reinstating them is ridiculous.
It is not quite serimatory, Dr. Zengen.
I pointed out also that some of these suspended individuals
were called before the committee.
The committee put them under oath.
It did not take us nine months to find out
that the charges against them would not stand out.
As a result of our hearings, not only were individuals suspended,
but some of those who were suspended
had the opportunity to put under oath,
be thoroughly cross-examined.
They convinced the Secretary that they should go back to work.
They're put back to work.
I am criticizing if you can call it criticism.
The Secretary for waiting nine months
and doing nothing about getting a final adjudication
in any of these cases.
Either they are communists, communists sympathizers,
dangerous in that work, or they can explain their background.
There's no reason that it should be dragged on
the last of the hearings over.
I'd like to ask the Secretary,
as you told the oil here at the screening board
to expedite these cases,
or has there been an order that there
be no final adjudication to have these hearings runs?
There's been no such order.
There's been an order tonight.
Mr. Chairman, before the Secretary of the Justice,
I'd rather think I have a right thing than Democratic.
You may and then may as well
adjust the further interrogatories
between the Council and Senator McCartney
suspended after that until Senator McCartney
is testifying as to which the Secretary of the House.
I again ask the question.
Is not Senator McCartney?
Did he not in his charges criticize the Secretary?
For being too slow and removing the birthdays
or in suspending the birthdays?
And is he not now criticizing the Secretary
by his very line of cross-examination
for not reinstating the alleged subversives
that were suspended as a result of the McCartney investigation?
I have to say that question and all the parties
have to take it into the Army.
Mr. Chairman,
and I've got anybody say any questions?
It's a thing that's very clear by now
that we have point of the else that there were no suspensions
until we started the investigation.
But as of now, there's been no final adjudication
even though the 9 have been reinstated.
I would like to know why the 9 have been reinstated
with no final adjudication.
I would like to know why there has been no final adjudication
on the others.
And the credit doesn't count to listen to this carefully.
It's two-fold number one, the failure to remove.
Communists, security risks,
from the top secret radar laboratory,
and having removed them under pressure from the committee,
the failure to take any action to finally arrive
at an ultimate decision.
The commanding officer of the radar laboratory
is entitled to know what the final decision these cases are.
The individuals are entitled to know.
This committee is entitled to know.
So the cynicism of a two-fold,
a two-fold, complete lack of interest in the case.
I have a question before the secretary.
I'm just fine.
I just suggest that the chief is concerned
with the procedure whereby the defendant
with constant on his time asks questions of the secretary.
And especially to the councilman,
he's referring his questions to the McCarthy
and Joe Sendin McCarthy's under oath to sign his doing.
I'm chairman.
I'm trying to show all parties.
I want to make this statement.
If Senator McCarthy has questioned his ziz,
whether or not the 9 of these suspended risks
have been reinstated,
and whether or not any final adjudication has been made
with respect to the guilty or innocent,
certainly he's got to write that question on.
He said he was asking a question about whether or not
a final adjudication has been made
with respect to those who had not been reinstated.
The question included all the questions.
I'm going to continue with his questions of the secretary.
I think the secretary is right.
Can I go into the secretary's head?
He's fighting to understand.
Thank you.